[Music]
hi there I'm chef Eric Crowley owner of
the culinary classroom in West Los
Angeles and today I'm going to show you
how to make Eggs Benedict for our Eggs
Benedict we're going to need hollandaise
sauce video of which you can find
elsewhere on Mahalo com we're also going
to need a little bit of ham or some kind
of pork product here I'd like some
prosciutto we warm it basically in a
little skillet for a minute or two or
you can warm it in a microwave oven we
are going to need some toasted English
muffins or any other kind of bread we'll
wind up doing really well English
muffins are classic and by the way for
this damn Canadian bacon is the classic
type of ham to go on there but any kind
of ham will do just fine we also have
some poached eggs you can see that video
elsewhere on mahalo calm as well these
eggs have been poached they've been
shocked in ice water and they've been
drained
we need to rewarm these and we wind up
taking our room-temperature eggs and
slide them into some warm water and can
be used that you could use the same
water that you use to make your
hollandaise sauce with and basically put
it into a little bit of warm water let
them sit in there for about 30 maybe 45
seconds that's all we're looking for we
don't want to cook the eggs anymore we
just want to take the chill off and warm
them up slightly come out of the water
get them onto some paper towels you want
to dry off the egg or else when you want
to put in the hollandaise sauce on top
it's going to dilute the sauce and it's
going to make it run all over so some
paper toweling blot it dry
then we're going to lift the egg out
whoops
get your warmed up bacon or in this case
some prosciutto on your English muffin
get your egg on top of there and then
we're gonna finish it off with our
hollandaise sauce right over the top let
it pour all over you can even get it
down on to the plate and that is how you
make a classic dish Eggs Benedict thanks
again for watching
be sure to subscribe so you can get some
additional information if there's a
recipe that you would like to see me
make feel free to send an email to
requests at Mahalo com thanks again and
I'll see you soon
[Music]